doc: nrf_desktop: Describe nRF54H USB support (#16077)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/description.rst

* Radio frequency (RF) noise can negatively affect the HID report rate for wireless connections.
  If a HID report fails to be delivered in a given Bluetooth LE LLPM connection event, it is retransmitted in the subsequent connection event, which effectively reduces the report rate.
  By avoiding congested RF channels, the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_qos` helps to achieve better connection quality and a higher report rate.
* For the USB device connected directly, if you use USB legacy stack, you can configure your preferred USB HID poll interval using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_HID_POLL_INTERVAL_MS` Kconfig option.
  By default, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_HID_POLL_INTERVAL_MS` Kconfig option is set to ``1`` to request the lowest possible poll interval.

>   Set parameters are not enforced, meaning that the HID host may still eventually use a value greater than the USB polling interval requested by a peripheral.

Reviewer: This sentence contains information common for both USB stacks (now it seems like it only affects USB legacy stack). I would suggest to e.g. create 2 separate bullet points for information specific to either legacy or next stack.

Reviewer 2: +1 for splitting it for 2 bullet points

  If you use USB next stack, you can configure your preffered USB HID polling rate using the ``in-polling-rate`` property of DTS node compatible with ``zephyr,hid-device``.
  The lowest polling rate that is supported by the USB High-Speed is ``125`` us which corresponds to ``8`` kHz report rate.
  The lowest polling rate that is supported by devices that do not support USB High-Speed is ``1000`` us which corresponds to ``1`` kHz report rate.

USB High-Speed
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can use nRF54H20 DK to evaluate USBHS.

> Use the release configuration and slightly modify the simulated motion module's configuration to ensure that non-zero motion values are reported in every HID report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the ``release`` configuration and slightly modify the simulated motion module's configuration to ensure that non-zero motion values are reported in every HID report.
```

* Radio frequency (RF) noise can negatively affect the HID report rate for wireless connections.
  If a HID report fails to be delivered in a given Bluetooth LE LLPM connection event, it is retransmitted in the subsequent connection event, which effectively reduces the report rate.
  By avoiding congested RF channels, the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_qos` helps to achieve better connection quality and a higher report rate.
* For the USB device connected directly, depending on used USB stack:

  * If you use USB legacy stack, you can configure your preferred USB HID poll interval using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_HID_POLL_INTERVAL_MS` Kconfig option.
    By default, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_HID_POLL_INTERVAL_MS` Kconfig option is set to ``1`` to request the lowest possible poll interval.
  * If you use USB next stack, you can configure your preffered USB HID polling rate using the ``in-polling-rate`` property of DTS node compatible with ``zephyr,hid-device``.

>     The lowest polling rate that is supported by the USB High-Speed is ``125`` us which corresponds to ``8`` kHz report rate.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    The lowest polling rate that is supported by the USB High-Speed is 125 us, which corresponds to an 8 kHz report rate.
```
tbc - are these values set in a Kconfig option? If not, there's no need to present it as an input value.

Author: They are set in DTS

>     The lowest polling rate that is supported by devices that do not support USB High-Speed is ``1000`` us which corresponds to ``1`` kHz report rate.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    The lowest polling rate supported by devices that do not support USB High-Speed is 1000 us, which corresponds to a 1 kHz report rate.
```
tbc - as above

>     The lowest polling rate that is supported by the USB High-Speed is 125 us, which corresponds to an 8 kHz report rate.
>     The lowest polling rate supported by devices that do not support USB High-Speed is 1000 us, which corresponds to 1 kHz report rate.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    The lowest polling rate that is supported by the USB High-Speed is 125 µs, which corresponds to 8 kHz report rate.
    The lowest polling rate supported by devices that do not support USB High-Speed is 1000 µs, which corresponds to 1 kHz report rate.
```

Reviewer 3: Though from what I've found both can be used

Reviewer 4: Would you like to change these as well @alstrzebonski?

Author: I've changed it already

Author: Oh sorry, I've missed that it's in two places.

  Polling parameters are not enforced, meaning that the HID host may still eventually use a value greater than the USB polling parameter requested by a peripheral.

USB High-Speed
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can use nRF54H20 DK to evaluate USBHS.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the nRF54H20 DK to evaluate USBHS.
```

Use the ``release`` configuration and slightly modify the simulated motion module's configuration to ensure that non-zero motion values are reported in every HID report.
See an example of the build command:

   .. parsed-literal::
      :class: highlight

      west build -p -b nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp -- \
      -DFILE_SUFFIX=release \
      -DCONFIG_DESKTOP_MOTION_SIMULATED_ENABLE=y \
      -DCONFIG_DESKTOP_MOTION_SIMULATED_EDGE_TIME=8192 \
      -DCONFIG_DESKTOP_MOTION_SIMULATED_SCALE_FACTOR=5

> See the :ref:`nrf_desktop_motion_report_rate` documentation for detailed information about generating motion data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For information about generating motion data, see the :ref:`nrf_desktop_motion_report_rate` documentation section.```

>   By default, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_HID_POLL_INTERVAL_MS` Kconfig option is set to ``1`` to request the lowest possible poll interval.

Reviewer 2: It is only for legacy stack IIRC, we should also mention next stack here I think and the method of configuring it through DTS.

Maybe we should redirect to the `Low latency device configuration` of the usb_state instead here so the method of configuration is only in one place?

Reviewer: Please keep in mind that `Low latency device configuration` is currently a subsection of `USB HID configuration in USB legacy stack`

Reviewer 2: Oh okay, then maybe such section should also appear in the USB next stack?

  By default, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_HID_POLL_INTERVAL_MS` Kconfig option is set to ``1`` to request the lowest possible poll interval.
  Set parameters are not enforced, meaning that the HID host may still eventually use a value greater than the USB polling interval requested by a peripheral.

USB High-Speed
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The nRF54H20 supports USB High-Speed.

Author: Can you clarify? what do you want to move to usb_state.rst and what do you want to leave in description.rst?

> The nRF54H20 supports USB High-Speed.

Reviewer: Everything apart from note (part that describes DTS and Kconfig configuration)
